resources/skoolkit.css /usr/share/skoolkit
resources/skoolkit-dark.css /usr/share/skoolkit
resources/skoolkit-green.css /usr/share/skoolkit
resources/skoolkit-plum.css /usr/share/skoolkit
resources/skoolkit-spectrum.css /usr/share/skoolkit
resources/skoolkit-wide.css /usr/share/skoolkit
resources/spectrum.ttf /usr/share/skoolkit
resources/spectrum.ttf.txt /usr/share/skoolkit
examples/48.rom.ctl /usr/share/skoolkit/examples
examples/48.rom.ref /usr/share/skoolkit/examples
examples/jet_set_willy.css /usr/share/skoolkit/examples
examples/jet_set_willy-dark.css /usr/share/skoolkit/examples
examples/jet_set_willy-green.css /usr/share/skoolkit/examples
examples/jet_set_willy-plum.css /usr/share/skoolkit/examples
examples/jet_set_willy.ctl /usr/share/skoolkit/examples
examples/jet_set_willy.ref /usr/share/skoolkit/examples
examples/jet_set_willy.t2s /usr/share/skoolkit/examples
examples/manic_miner.ctl /usr/share/skoolkit/examples
examples/manic_miner.ref /usr/share/skoolkit/examples
examples/manic_miner.t2s /usr/share/skoolkit/examples
man/man1/bin2tap.py.1 /usr/share/man/man1
man/man1/skool2asm.py.1 /usr/share/man/man1
man/man1/skool2ctl.py.1 /usr/share/man/man1
man/man1/skool2html.py.1 /usr/share/man/man1
man/man1/skool2sft.py.1 /usr/share/man/man1
man/man1/sna2skool.py.1 /usr/share/man/man1
man/man1/tap2sna.py.1 /usr/share/man/man1
